For this project it took a lot of time and patience to make sure that it would work properly, but along the way I used many tools when it came to create this website. For instance, the two devices that I used the most was my Surface Pro 3 and my Apple MacBook Pro. They were very useful when I was making the website, my MacBook was my personal computer when I was at my apartment or at home and my Surface Pro 3 was used when I was working at the computer lab. Another set of tools that were useful are Code Pen, GitHub, Brackets, and Visual Studio Code. They helped when it came to lay the ground work for most of my projects and allowed me to understand coding as a whole. Without these tools I might have never been able to make it through this year so easily, but they also helped me progress my skills as a graphic designer as well.
As I look back on this semester, I’ve seen new ways to improve my skills as a graphic designer, and in this project, I’ve learned some things that have changed my perspective on web design entirely. One thing that I understand is that you should plan out your designs for a website both early and fully, you should always draw out your ideas in full detail and try to do them before you start to put it into code. Another important note that I learned is to look for problems and to critique it with others. I feel like getting someone else’s opinion about something is a learning experience because they can see things that you’ve never noticed and give you some great ideas to help your design. Lastly, don’t try to do things on your own. Sometimes you might not be able to solve problems on your own, and when this happens ask for help because it can be better than dealing with it on your own. All in all, this project has brought to light some very important things that have made this project a lot less stressful to deal with and now I will take this project as a life lesson for any designs in the future.